LEARN-MD-FILES | Learn all about .md files. (#3)
bu-learnings/git: README.md

<!-- 
Headings
Extended this comment over multi lines
 -->

# Sample .md file

Below are sample snippets that can be used to quickly create/edit `.md` file.

> ## Table of Contents

Reviewer: Please add one more item `comments`

* [Heading](#heading)
* [Italics](#italics)
* [Bold](#bold)
* [Strikethrough](#strikethrough)
* [BlockQuote](#blockquote)
* [Links](#links)
* [Ordered List](#ordered-list)
* [Unordered List](#unordered-list)
* [Inline Code Block](#inline-code-block)
* [Code Blocks](#code-blocks)
    * [bash](#bash)
    * [python](#python)
    * [javascript](#javascript) 
* [Tables](#tables)
* [Task lists](#task-lists)

### Heading
#### Syntax: 
```
#H1
##H2
###H3
```
#### Output:
## H1
### H2
#### H3

### Italics
#### Syntax:
```
_ Text _
```
#### Output:
_text_

### Bold
#### Syntax:
```
__ Text __
```
#### Output:
__text__

### Strikethrough
#### Syntax:
```
~~ Text ~~
```
#### Output:
~~Text~~

### BlockQuote
#### Syntax:
```
>Statement 1
>Statement 2
>Statement 3
```
#### Output:
>Statement 1 \
>Statement 2 \
>Statement 3

### Links
#### Syntax:
```

> [Display_Link_Name](link_pathname "hoverover_text")

Reviewer: Please mention how we stack up links to bottom of document, to improve readability.

```
#### Output:
[GitHub](https://github.com/KaranVyas "GitHub profile for Karan Vyas")

### Unordered List
#### Syntax:
```
* Item 1
* Item 2
* Item 3
```
#### Output:
* Item 1
* Item 2
* Item 3

### Ordered List
#### Syntax:
```
1. Item 1
1. Item 2
1. Item 3
```
#### Output:
1. Item 1
1. Item 2
1. Item 3

### Inline Code Block
#### Syntax:
```
`Inline code`
```
#### Output:
`Inline code`

### Image
#### Syntax:
```

> ![image](path)

Reviewer: Please mention how we stack up paths to bottom of document, to improve readability. Also, making it easier to edit paths. (As we have only one place to update.)

<!-- 
Headings
Extended this comment over multi lines
 -->

# Sample .md file

Below are sample snippets that can be used to quickly create/edit `.md` file.

## Table of Contents
* [Heading](#heading)
* [Comments](#comments)
* [Italics](#italics)
* [Bold](#bold)
* [Strikethrough](#strikethrough)
* [BlockQuote](#blockquote)
* [Links](#links)
* [Ordered List](#ordered-list)
* [Unordered List](#unordered-list)
* [Inline Code Block](#inline-code-block)
* [Code Blocks](#code-blocks)
* [Tables](#tables)
* [Task lists](#task-lists)

### Heading
#### Syntax: 
```
#H1
##H2
###H3
```
#### Output:
## H1
### H2
#### H3
---
### Comments
#### Syntax: 
```
<!---
Inside Comment block
-->
```
#### Output:
<!--
Inside Comment block
-->

---
### Italics
#### Syntax:
```
_ Text _
```
#### Output:
_text_

---
### Bold
#### Syntax:
```
__ Text __
```
#### Output:
__text__

---
### Strikethrough
#### Syntax:
```
~~Text~~
```
#### Output:
~~Text~~

---
### BlockQuote
#### Syntax:
```
>Statement 1
>Statement 2
>Statement 3
```
#### Output:
>Statement 1 \
>Statement 2 \
>Statement 3

---
### Links
#### Syntax:
```
[Display_Link_Name](link_pathname "hoverover_text")
```

> #### here we can use reference to the path and mention the path at the end of the file for clean code and better readiblity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Note:__ here we can use reference to the path and mention the path at the end of the file for clean code and better readability
```

#### Syntax:
```
[reference_id]:[link]
```
#### Output:
[GitHub][github-link]

---
### Unordered List
#### Syntax:
```
* Item 1
* Item 2
* Item 3
```
#### Output:
* Item 1
* Item 2
* Item 3

---
### Ordered List
#### Syntax:
```
1. Item 1
2. Item 2
3. Item 3
```
#### Output:
1. Item 1
2. Item 2
3. Item 3

---
### Inline Code Block
#### Syntax:
```
`Inline code`
```
#### Output:
`Inline code`

---
### Image
#### Syntax:
```
![image](path/reference)
```

> #### here we can use reference to the path and mention the path at the end of the file for clean code and better readiblity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Note:__ here we can use reference to the path and mention the path at the end of the file for clean code and better readability
```

#### Syntax:
```

> [reference_id]:[path]

Reviewer: Talk about when would you use this syntax: `<img src="images/chandler_in_stormforge.png" width="60%" height="30%">`

> <!-- Headings -->

Reviewer: Please experiment whether this `comment` can be extended over multiple lines.

Author: Fortunately, `<!--- Comment --->` can be used to multi line comment

# Sample .md file
## This is a sub heading
### Another sub heading 
---

<!-- italics-->
_This text in italic_
___

<!--bold-->
__This text in bold__
___

<!--strikethrough-->
~~Strikethrough~~
___

<!--Horizontal Rule-->
<!--- ___>

<!--BlockQuote-->

> >This is a block quote

Reviewer: Please experiment whether this can be extended over multiple lines.

Author: Done, extended over multiple lines

___

<!--Links-->

> [GitHub](https://github.com/KaranVyas "GitHub profile for Karan Vyas")

Reviewer: This doesn't look good, we need something more clean.

Author: I have gone through many blogs, but unable to figure a clean version for this

Reviewer: Done.

___

<!--Unordered List-->
* Item 1
* Item 2
* Item 3
___

<!--Ordered List-->
1. Item 1
1. Item 2
1. Item 3
___

<!--Inline Code Block-->
`This is a inline code block`
___

<!--Images-->

> ![Image](https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Boston_University_Logo_text.png)

Reviewer: Create a separate folder, store all images there, and try to fetch them from that folder.

Author: Uploaded files to `Image` folder in `LEARN-MD-FILES` branch
